feat(oci): add changelog for 8.10 and 9.5 images (#584)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/cloud/cloud-changelog.md

**Impacted architecture: x86_64**

AlmaLinux OpenNebula images have now unified - BIOS and UEFI - boot support. The download URLs of the UEFI images are symlinked to the current image for compatibility.

## Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)

### AlmaLinux OS versions **9.5-20250205**

* Fixes:
  * The OCI-specific kernel command-line parameters are ineffective, resulting in a broken boot process on bare metal instances that use iSCSI disks.

* New packages were added:
  * `langpacks-en`: Adds `en_US.UTF-8` setting it as a default locale.

> ### AlmaLinux OS versions **9.5-20250205** and AlmaLinux OS versions **8.10-20250215**

Reviewer: @LKHN since version **9.5-20250205** is also already mentioned above, how about moving the fix/new package here but highlighting that it's only for 9.5?

> ### AlmaLinux OS versions **9.5-20250205** and AlmaLinux OS versions **8.10-20250215**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AlmaLinux OS versions **9.5-20250205** and **8.10-20250215**
```

* Enhancements:

>   * Updated the iSCSI optimizations accordingly the [OCI documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Block/Concepts/iscsiinformation.htm#iscsid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the iSCSI optimizations according to the [OCI documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Block/Concepts/iscsiinformation.htm#iscsid).
```
